Add FAQ: "How do I get started using the Team feature?" (#1)
LambdaLabs/lambda-beta-docs: content/en/cloud/get-started-teams/index.md

---
title: "How do I get started using the Team feature?"
type: docs
tags:
- team
- billing
- SSH
---

## Create a team

1. In the dashboard, click **Team** at the bottom-left of the dashboard. Then,
   click **Invite** at the top-right of the Team dashboard.

1. Enter the email address of the person you want to invite to your team.
   Select their role in the team, either an **Admin** or a **Member**. Then,
   click **Send invitation**.

   {{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}}
   **Be sure to invite only trusted persons to your team!**

   Currently, the only differences between the _Admin_ and _Member_ roles are
   that an _Admin_ can:

   - Invite others to the team.
   - Delete team accounts.
   - Modify payment information.

>    - Change the team name.

Author: @shawnrusaw-lambdalabs Is it accurate that these are the only differences between the _Admin_ and _Member_ roles?

Reviewer: - remove members

Author: What are your thoughts on the suggested change, below?

Teammates with an _Admin_ role can remove other teammates with an _Admin_ role—not just teammates with a  _Member_ role.

```suggestion
   Currently, the only differences between the _Admin_ and _Member_ roles are
   that an _Admin_ can:

   - Invite others to the team.
   - Remove others from the team.
   - Modify payment information.
   - Change the team name.
```

Reviewer: i'm fine with that
